# A Living document

## Composition
Composed combination of:
1. Text (A heading? Subheading? "hobbies".)
2. Feelings (How meaningful and enjoyable it would feel like. "I'm thankful for...")
3. Images
4. Songs
5. Scenes

## Where do you pull from?
  They bubble up from your subconscious.
  When you try to grab one, they slip through your fingers.
  When you attempt to hold one, it vanishes.

## What happens
  Your (conscious) mind loves to interject/interfere and stand between you and that thing.

## Your intention will persist
  Accept and allow the conscious mind to do such a thing.
  Widen your attention of it and around it.

## As you settle in
  Recognize, acknowledge, accept, allow, surrender.
  Sit with it. Be okay with it. Let it be.
  Exhale. Stop trying to change it.
  Sit down. Shut up.

## Why do it this way?
  You can't get rid of it by trying, so just stop trying.

## What happens when you do it
  When you let go of trying to control the experience.
  You focus on observing. You become relaxed because there is some space between you and it.
  You zoom out.
  You choose to allow what's going on around you to do it's thing- you detach.

## What you focus on
  Notice the thing that persists in each moment. 
  The thing that is here, now, in every moment.  
  In letting go of trying to make it come to you, it may approach and brush against your heart if you stay relaxed.

## What to journal
  Put the things that make you happy, excite you, etc.
  Make it yours.
  Refine it. 
  Clarify.
  
## The process
  Set an intention to experience this, at least in imagination.
  Take what you can get, even if it's just 1%.
