# Unwobble Thyself
Accomplish what you want through faith.

Choose to be un-phased, undisturbed, and unperturbed.
<br><br>

Be open to the idea of good luck coming to you.

Take no crap, give no crap.

See the good in others.

Give yourself time.

Be neutral or optimistic towards the unknown.

Admire the nature of the "mystery".
<br><br>

To be phased, disturbed, or perturbed,

is to make vulnerable your anchor and center.
<br><br>

Set your anchor on what you can control,

and it can't be shoved.
<br><br>

The outer world is not yours to control.

Place your center within, where it is under your control.
<br><br>

When wobbly,

all decisions and assessments are compromised.

They are not yours, they are your fear's.

That fear implies lack of belief in self,

and your powers feel out of reach.
<br><br>

Set your center, act from it, and know

you are free of those invisible, emotional puppet strings.
<br><br>

Where is your center?

If you allow yourself to be phased, swayed, influenced, distracted, and confused

it is allowing the self to be de-stabilized.
<br><br>

Empty yourself and act with impartiality and neutrality.
<br><br>

Rigidity is not stable.

Yielding is power.

Surrendering to what is changeable is empowering.
<br><br>

To be stable does not mean to knock other things down.

It doesn't mean to have an opinion about what is going on around you.

You are not being hijacked by emotions.

And so- under sensitive and dire circumstances,

you are able to act in a justified way.

